add token authentication between agent and oap receiver. (#4197)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-token-auth.md

> # Token Authentication

Reviewer: I think this doc should be linked from main doc. At least, from following places
1. https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/en/setup/backend/backend-setup.md#advanced-feature-document-link-list
1. Quick link from https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/docs/README.md

## Supported version
7.0.0+

> ## How need token authentication after we have TLS?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Why need token authentication after we have TLS?
```

TLS is about transport security, which makes sure the network can be trusted. 
The token authentication is about monitoring application data **can be trusted**.

## Token 
In current version, Token is considered as a simple string.

### Set Token
1. Set token in agent.config file
```properties
# Authentication active is based on backend setting, see application.yml for more details.
agent.authentication = ${SW_AGENT_AUTHENTICATION:xxxx}
```

2. Set token in `application.yml` file
```yaml
······
receiver-sharing-server:
  default:
    authentication: ${SW_AUTHENTICATION:""}
······
```

## Authentication fails

> The Skywalking OAP verifies every request from agent, allowed only the token match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Skywalking OAP verifies every request from agent, only allows requests whose token matches the one configured in `application.yml`.
```
